Update tidb-resource-control.md (#15057)
pingcap/docs: tidb-resource-control.md

> **Warning:**
>

> > This feature is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](/support.md) on GitHub.

Author: ```suggestion
> This feature is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/support) on GitHub.
```
